Updated and fixed links (#4800)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/webhooks-incoming.rst

If your integration prints the JSON payload data instead of rendering the generated message, make sure your integration is returning the ``application/json`` content-type.

> For further assistance, review the `Troubleshooting forum <https://forum.mattermost.org/t/how-to-use-the-troubleshooting-forum/150>`__ for previously reported errors, or `join the Mattermost user community for troubleshooting help <https://mattermost.com/ask-mattermost-community/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further assistance, review the `Troubleshooting forum <https://forum.mattermost.org/t/how-to-use-the-troubleshooting-forum/150>`__ for previously reported errors, or `join the Mattermost user community for troubleshooting help <https://mattermost.com/pl/default-ask-mattermost-community/>`_.
```

Reviewer: I suspect this link has tracking on it, hence the structure of the URL. @jasonblais, is this correct or should we change it?

Author: But it leads to a similar page I think?

Reviewer 2: `pl` refers to a permalink. It has no tracking but it is used as the default page for Mattermost troubleshooting help, and should not be changed.

The reason we use https://mattermost.com/pl/default-ask-mattermost-community/ everywhere is so that if the "ask the community" webpage moves, we only have to change the redirect for https://mattermost.com/pl/default-ask-mattermost-community/ and avoid breaking all pages where the trourbleshooting help is referenced (handbook, docs, website, product).

Some more background about redirects here: https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/research-and-development/product/product-management-team-handbook#how-do-i-create-redirects-for-in-product-documentation

Reviewer 2: Let me know if that helps clarify it :)

Author: Okay got it. Thank you @jasonblais

This will send a message from the account that has set up the incoming webhook to the username after the "@" symbol. For example, if you create a webhook with the user ``alice`` and send a Direct Message to ``bob`` using a webhook, it will show up as a direct message from ``alice`` to ``bob`` regardless of other settings such as username.

> To send a message to a different Direct Mssage channel between two other users, you can specify the channel with the user IDs for the users separated with two underscore (_) symbols. To find the user ID you can `use the ``mattermost`` command - see details `here <https://docs.mattermost.com/manage/command-line-tools.html#mattermost-user-search>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a message to a different Direct Message channel between two other users, you can specify the channel with the user IDs for the users separated with two underscore (_) symbols. To find the user ID you can `use ``mmctl user search``- see details `here <https://docs.mattermost.com/manage/mmctl-command-line-tool.html#mmctl-user-search>`__.
```

Reviewer: We're moving to mmctl as default, so I think this URL is a better option as it avoids users landing on one page and having to go to another page. @cwarnermm, is there anything we should add to this?

Author: Yeah, it will be perfect. I just pointed out the deprecated link. If Mattermost is moving with a new command, that link will be perfect.

Reviewer 3: Great catch, @justinegeffen! Yes - let's go with the mmctl command rather than the CLI one, given that CLI will be deprecated as of v6.0.

Author: Amazing @cwarnermm
